PLACEMENT DETAILS (Nhi milta bhai )
The Training & Placement Department (hereafter called the 'department') is an indispensable pillar of the Institute. It has an important role to play in the student's prospects for employability. Placements provide an opportunity for students to demonstrate, in the real world, the application of the knowledge they have acquired over the years. This department continuously strives to help students acquire employment relevant skills so that they can pursue their career goals with challenging roles in the industry.

We recognize the power and strength of our educational methods and the impact this has in providing suitable placement for students in the industry. Our department is a place where our prospective engineers create and develop skills relevant to the responsibilities they will should in the work place. We trust "To reap the benefits tomorrow, we need to sow the seeds today" and we act upon it. We earnestly work to transform the talent pool through training programs by experts from the industry. The department is proactive and has a team of experienced resources who groom and nurture students.

The department engages with the industry. Organizations invited for campus recruitments so that students get career offers before they graduate from the college.

Objectives of this department are to :

Create a platform where organizations meet and select new talent from the campus.
Assist organizations recruit candidates as per their requirements.
Invite the best companies from different industries for campus recruitments
Upgrade student skills commensurate with the expectations of the industry.
Act as an interface among students, alumni and the employment community.
Increase student awareness on career options through summer training/internship programs
Work with faculty members, department heads and administration to integrate career planning with academic curriculum.
Empower students with decision making skills that will be useful life-long.
Provide resources and activities to facilitate the career planning process.
Bridge gap between industry and academia.
