								Computing
Technology is fast becoming ubiquitous and the educational environment is no exception. We strive to make learning more creative, interactive and information driven by using sophisticated delivery techniques. At PES, 40 different computer laboratories across the campuses house over a thousand computers for use by students and staff are available to meet project requirements and and encourage research activities.

We have 10 MBPS (1:1) bandwidth dedicated line with 24 hours internet connectivity (Wi-Fi enabled). The local internet, 1000 MBPS switched network, provides an interactive platform for sharing resources and building communities.

								Library
The libraries at PES occupy over 50,000 square feet and provide students with access to a vast repository of resources, including books and periodicals. These peaceful, sun-lit areas provide ideal study spaces. Our libraries remain open until midnight on all days. During the examinations, they are open 24 hours.

Completely automated library management systems make it possible to borrow books at any time of the day or night, copies ensure that resources are easily available for reference in the library. Trained staff is always at hand to assist students. In addition to these resources, faculty members dynamically upload all their lecture and research notes on the PES Intranet. These are available to the students with the simple keying in of a password.

							Community Outreach
PES students regularly pool their skills and talent to give back to the society they live in. There are a number of active organizations and programs for community outreach on campus.

The PES Community Service Program has adopted 12 rural government schools and is working with them at tow levels: The first is to improve infrastructure like buildings, sanitation facilities, drinking water, libraries and sports facilities. The second is to upgrade teaching skills, train faculty members and provide teaching aids. PES students visit these schools every weekend and monitor progress.

We run Vocational Training Programs for Class X dropouts. This involves training programs in machining, carpentry, plumbing, TV repair and other vocational skills that help these young people find feasible careers and achieve economic independence.