						Department of Training and Placement

The Training & Placement Division of the institution acts as an interface between the institute and companies, and believes in maintaining symbiotic, vibrant and purposeful relationship with industries across the country. The department hosts companies on campus and ensures that every aspirant is assured of a bright career of his/her choice.

A spacious auditorium equipped with the state-of-the-art facilities, seminar hall and multi-purpose facility halls have been made available by the institute to the cell for conducting the training and recruitment programmes.

Training and Placement cell organizes sustained training programmes for the pre-final year students towards preparing them for campus recruitment programmes. The cell has been fostering a very productive and mutually beneficial relationship with the industries towards generating the placement opportunities for our students. The cell provides the best of the facilities for conducting the recruitment programmes.

The Department of Training and Placement, the marketing division of the institute has these following functions and responsibilities:

1}The cell also organizes entrepreneurial awareness camps, workshops and seminars to encourage the students to become entrepreneurs.

2}Nurtures Student-Corporate interaction, by the means of frequent industrial visits, practical and effective training and projects of industrial relevance for the students, with the intention to cease down the hiatus that exists between an industry and the classroom.

3}A feedback mechanism circulates which relates to curriculum improvement from the visiting companies to the administration (faculty), to ensure that the curriculum does not miss out on the latest industrial trends.
Assists students to define their career interest through expert counseling. Availability of updated database and job profile of the companies helps each student to analyze and choose one’s desired company.
Provides continuing and useful education for the college employees as well.