							Welcome to Sir MVIT:
Sir M Visvesvaraya Institute of Technology (Sir MVIT) is an Institute of repute in the state of Karnataka founded by Sri Krishnadevaraya Educational Trust (Sri KET) in 1986 . The institute offers nine B.E. degree programs in Civil, Mechanical, Electrical & Electronics, Electronics & Communication, Computer Science & Engg., Industrial Engineering & Management, Telecommunication, Information Science and Bio Technology and four Masters Programs in Computer Applications, Business Administration, Computer Integrated Manufacturing and Electronics.

The Institute is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University and approved by All India Council for Technical Education, New Delhi and is accredited by National Board of Accreditation, New Delhi. Sir MVIT is an ISO 9001:2008 Certified Institution. Department of Mechanical Engineering, Department of Electrical & Electronics Engineering, Department of Electronics & Communication Engineering and Department of Biotechnology are declared R&D centers by the university.

Sir MVIT is situated on a vast campus of 133 acres on the Bellary road near Air Force station, Yelahanka, close to Bengaluru International Airport (21 km from Bangalore city station). The institute has 2800 students & over 260 well-experienced faculty members, fully equipped labs (including project labs), seminar halls (For each department adequately equipped with multimedia facilities).

With well qualified and motivated faculty, state-of-art laboratory facilities, well-equipped library and high speed Internet browsing center with connectivity and almost 100% placement, it is no wonder that the institute has been ranked No. 1 among the engineering colleges in the State by the reputed magazine `Dataquest’. All our departments spread over on 53.8 hectares of greenery and serenity, are well connected by optical fiber backbone network. The Institute has, on its campus, Men’s & Women’s hostels, 100 bed general hospital, Ladies amenities center, staff quarters, Guest house, Cafeteria, outdoor sports facility spread over 12.1 hectares and an indoor games complex. The Institute power requirements are met by a dedicated HT power connection from BESCOM and Captive Power generating units. The institute is connected to all the parts of the city by its own fleet of buses. All the students admitted to the institute are covered by insurance for life and medical care.

